alrighty you cleared a week out of your
schedule
and nobody and nothing can bother you
for at least four days
you're gonna play video games for a
hundred hours straight
but first some more prep you head to the
grocery store throw a whole crate of
energy drinks in the cart
some quick easy snacks no time to cook a
dozen bag of chips a box of pastries
frozen pizzas another creative energy
drinks whoa
you're serious huh let's go home now the
world of magicians and wizards awaits
oh yeah need to get your gaming spot
ready make it as comfortable as possible
even the slightest inconvenience will be
critical in 100 hours
drinks and snacks within reach check
phone in airplane mode
done don't want any distractions perfect
you're all set for your four-day gaming
marathon
hey where you going to bed i already
opened the chips
okay fine probably want to bank up on as
much sleep as you can
you'll soon be going without rise and
shine
hit the shower get a hearty breakfast in
you and
let's do this you turn the game on
your heart races in anticipation
everything's going great
the first few hours fly by the game
pulls you in
you're no longer you sitting there in
your comfortable 21st century house
you've turned into a magician who
travels through villages and towns
helping people fight an ancient evil
with every new mission you complete
more crop up and side missions galore
you've got stuff to do for days this
will be a piece
of cake five hours in you've changed a
few positions in your chair
it's time to stretch out a little wow
that feels great doesn't it
it's like the old gear has been
lubricated it's time to get back in the
game but your stomach doesn't agree
it demands food with its loud er
but we're not putting the game on pause
you have to take down hordes of orcs
with one hand
and shove chips in your mouth with the
other but there's nothing that a great
wizard can't cope with
15 hours okay gotta take a little break
to throw the pizza in the oven
and answer nature's call while you're
waiting for that pizza
you crack open your first energy drink
with your mana fall
you're ready to dive back into this
fantastical adventure
hour 25 you're looking more and more
like a person under hypnosis
than someone enjoying a video game quest
after quest
dungeon after dungeon your character is
getting stronger
but the real you has almost completely
lost your strength
your eyes close momentarily but wait
you've got two boxes of mana potion
i mean energy drink let's go
35 hours of play hey why isn't your
character moving
are you still there uh oh fell asleep
after all
well i guess this marathon is over but
where did you go wrong
turns out what keeps you awake
eventually makes you pass out in slumber
caffeine yeah it raises your energy and
concentration levels at first
but it also wears you out not to mention
all those carb heavy foods
a dangerous combo that'll have you
feeling a lot sleepier than before
but what if i told you that playing 100
hours is real
there's even a world record for the
longest gaming marathon
one person played for 135 hours
let's see how he was able to set that
record okankaya was able to play
online for over five days it all began
when his wife gave him a guinness book
of records
kale looked at the video game marathon
section and thought well
i could do that so he started preparing
he came up with a strategy and strict
timetable
borrowed his son's playstation and
broadcast his attempt
he was also pretty lucky that his boss
let him turn the
office into a record-breaking
headquarters the rules for setting this
record allow a participant to rest for
10 minutes
every hour these minutes can be
accumulated and then used for a full
long break that was key okay
used this time for snacks bathroom
breaks and even snuck in some two-hour
naps
but still setting a record like this is
extremely difficult
after 24 hours without sleep a person
becomes groggy and
irritable our hand starts shaking we
make
bad decisions even your perception of
the world changes
if you continue the marathon and stay
awake for another 12 hours
you'll start to feel extreme fatigue and
even problems with
speech 48 hours without sleep can turn
you into a real life zombie
your brain will actually fall into micro
sleeps you doze off for 30 seconds
without
even realizing it after 72 hours without
sleep
you can hardly think clearly anymore
even a simple task like
pouring water into a glass will be
impossible for you
plus your sleep will take some serious
damage that can't be fixed by a healthy
eight-hour sleep that's how important
these few hours were to ocad
but as he said himself sleep wasn't the
main problem he faced
around the fourth day of the game he
started feeling pain in his fingers and
hands
he doesn't have any blisters or bruises
left but he still had to bandage a few
fingers during the attempt
and the most critical detail of all in
all the 135 hours of gaming
the record breaker had only three cans
of red bull
he used other tricks to stay awake he
drank ice cold water
and maintained optimum fluid levels in
his body
not only that he was constantly
exercising without distracting himself
from the game
this helped keep his muscles and heart
in good shape
as kaya said he didn't push himself to
the limit
he stuck to his original schedule he ate
stretched a little
and went to the bathroom like clockwork
and if he felt tired
he would just rest another key to
setting the world record is the
environment
the attempt was quite public so many
people could follow his progress online
everyone supported and cheered him on
even his family had a positive attitude
about his crazy stunt
the only thing his son was worried about
was dad hogging the playstation for so
long
thanks to his planning and dedication
this man was able to break the previous
record of 120 hours
and set a new one 135 hours and 50
minutes
by the end of the marathon okankaya was
in 29th place in the game's leaderboard
about 5.1 million players were in the
game at that time
when asked if he would like to repeat
the marathon
he said there were still many challenges
ahead and he was going to make an
attempt again
but there's another exciting record in
the gaming world
carrie swaddecki went through an
incredible marathon of 138 hours
playing just dance she's been setting
dance records for four years in a row
she broadcasts the entire attempt online
and raise money for charity
now swadeki a teacher from bakersfield
is enrolled in the hall of fame of video
games
in ottumwa iowa yep radar's hometown